Hello and welcome to another episode of Bearpaw News!
Today I would like to show you a new and pretty awesome product. As you might already know
Henry Bodnik visited the last ATA Show in USA and found this little something over there.
What is it? Well - it is a "Game Changer" or Game Changer Target System!
Let me show you how it looks like!
Pretty big - pretty well built. Let me show you some details about the target.
We have these pictures on a roll with 6 motives on each vinyl roll.
It is very weather resistant due to the material of what it is made from.
You can change the motives when you turn these two rolls very easily!
And it apears the next image - what is this - let me see - a deer :-)
On this top part over here you can find some informations about where the animal would live
and how big it is displayed. Here it would be 50% - that means if you shoot at the game changer
from 20 yards it would be like if you shoot a deer from 40 yards for real.
Please dont use blades for shooting - this target is made for field points use only!
Let's take a look how the Game Changer looks from behind.
You can see here it is made out of many different layers.
Thats pretty cool because you can easily replace layers from the outer areas with
layers from the middle - so your target will almost last forever :-)
There will be different rolls with different motives available.
For example differt types of animals, a roll with white deer but also one with games on it.
Or some african game over here. This would be a wild beast for example.
And you can easily change these different rolls. No problem there.
It was designed for compound shooters which means it is made for a last!
But enough talking - let me show you how good the Game Changer is in real life.
Henry grabed the first one of these Targets for personal testing - so let's go to Henry!
We arrived at Henry's place - best April weather with a bit of snow ;-)
We have two professional shooters over here - Henry Bodnik and his son Tom.
They will show us some shots at the Game Changer Target. Let's rock!
So guys - what do you think of the Game Changer Target?
I think the Game Changer Target System is pretty awesome!
That's why the target is here at my private archery range. I shoot on the Game Changer daily
and it really lasts almost forever! It really is a very good target!
Nice! That were some clear words for the target - please visit us on facebook!
Until next time - see you soon :-) Bye!